           SPELL=aewan
         VERSION=1.0.01
          SOURCE="${SPELL}-${VERSION}.tar.gz"
   SOURCE_URL[0]=http://downloads.sourceforge.net/sourceforge/${SPELL}/${SOURCE}
     SOURCE_HASH=sha512:8c7e81ed3e2c4d0848e36ed60922c920471c7bc46a7127f529be3f5a9c3c66a6e0dff06bca7b5cb21eb0a93d03ba31fd4ef07fc48e2e39f2224956801fe322f3
SOURCE_DIRECTORY="${BUILD_DIRECTORY}/${SPELL}-${VERSION}"
        WEB_SITE="http://aewan.sourceforge.net/"
      LICENSE[0]=GPL
         ENTERED=20080229
           SHORT="Aewan is a multi-layered ascii-art/animation editor"
cat << EOF
Aewan is a curses-based program that allows for the creation and editing of
ascii art. The user is able to move the cursor around the screen by means of
the arrow keys and 'paint' characters by pressing the corresponding keys.
There are dialog boxes that allow the user to choose foreground and
background colors, as well as bold and blink attributes. The user may also
select rectangular areas of the canvas in order to move, copy and paste
them. Aewan also supports 'intelligent' horizontal and vertical flipping
(e.g. converts '\' to '/', etc).

What sets Aewan apart from similar projects is the fact that it can work
with multiple layers, and has the ability to turn transparency and
visibility on and off for each layer. A layer dialog is provided through
which the user can change the order of the layers. Thus, each layer can be
edited independently in order to generate a composite drawing. Instead of
using the layers for compositing, it is also possible to use the layers as
frames for an animation, thus enabling the user to create ascii animations
with Aewan.

Aewan can export animations to a "less movie", that is, a regular file that
will show the animation when when paged through in the 'less' pager or
similar program (even Notepad will work if you don't need color). It can
also export a shellscript which will play the animation on the terminal when
executed.

The file format is easy to parse, so it is easy to write a terminal-based
application that uses the Aewan files to display onscreen.
EOF
