           SPELL=vrms
         VERSION=1.13
          SOURCE=${SPELL}_$VERSION.tar.gz
SOURCE_DIRECTORY=$BUILD_DIRECTORY/$SPELL
   SOURCE_URL[0]=http://ftp.de.debian.org/debian/pool/main/v/vrms/vrms_1.13.tar.gz
      SOURCE_GPG="gurus.gpg:$SOURCE.sig:WORKS_FOR_ME"
      LICENSE[0]=GPL
        WEB_SITE=http://vrms.alioth.debian.org/
        KEYWORDS="utils"
         ENTERED=20080123
           SHORT='utility to remove non-free software'
cat << EOF
In the early 1980's Richard M. Stallman created the GNU project, whose goal was
to provide the world with a Free Operating System  (with the word "Free" with
the same meaning as in "Freedom").

Since then, a lot of Free Software was developed and entire operating systems
based only on Free Software were created. Unfortunately, some data is still
stored in a format that is proprietary, secret and non-standard, made by
corporations that want to retain control over the users of the software that
generates such data.

This, of course, is meant to keep the users following the newer versions of the
software that "control" the users' data (so that the users can still have
access to their own creations).

Also, unfortunately, most of the time, the software for manipulating such data
is not Free in the sense desired by Richard Stallman. Software that does not
allow all the freedoms stipulated by Richard Stallman is called non-free
software.

The vrms program provides the facility for users of Debian-based Operating
Systems (like Ubuntu Linux to detect if their systems have any non-free
software installed, so that the users can keep their computer "pure", without
non-free software.

The package is now maintained by a team of developers including Bdale Garbee
(the original author of the package), Stephen Moraco and RogÃ©rio Brito on
Debian's alioth system.

The source code is maintained with a version control system called Subversion.
Anybody can obtain the source code for the vrms package from alioth.debian.org
and any collaboration is highly appreciated.
EOF
