           SPELL=gnaural
         VERSION=1.0.20080808
          SOURCE=$SPELL-$VERSION.tar.gz
      SOURCE_GPG="gurus.gpg:$SOURCE.sig:WORKS_FOR_ME"
SOURCE_DIRECTORY=$BUILD_DIRECTORY/$SPELL-$VERSION
   SOURCE_URL[0]=$SOURCEFORGE_URL/$SPELL/$SOURCE
        WEB_SITE=http://gnaural.sourceforge.net/
         ENTERED=20090711
      LICENSE[0]=GPL
           SHORT="GTK+ programmable binaural-beat generator"
cat << EOF
Gnaural is a multi-platform programmable binaural-beat generator, implementing
the principle of binaural beats as described in the October 1973 Scientific
American article "Auditory Beats in the Brain" (Gerald Oster). There has been
considerable research done on the subject since that publication, and WinAural
(an early version in the Gnaural lineage) was used as the audio stimulus for at
least one published study, "The Induced Rhythmic Oscillations of Neural
Activity in the Human Brain", D. Cvetkovic, D. Djuwari, I. Cosic (Australia),
from Proceeding (417) Biomedical Engineering - 2004.

The central theme of Oster's article is that processesing of auditory binaural
beats bears distinct differences from that done for normal sound, emphasizing
different neural pathways and highlighting different parameters of the sound
stimulus.

Oster's observations inspired a wave of research in to the ways in which
binaural beats could affect the brain. One area of research explored how
binaural beats could evoke a "frequency-following response" (also known as
"brainwave entrainment") in EEG measures. My personal interest in binaural
beats has centered almost exclusively around exploring this entrainment
potential as a means of facilitating meditative states. However, Gnaural was
designed to be neutral with regard to any hypothesis or application, relying
strictly on the fundamental findings as described in Oster's 1973 overview.
EOF
