           SPELL=liberation-fonts-ttf
         VERSION=2.00.0
          SOURCE=$SPELL-$VERSION.tar.gz
   SOURCE_URL[0]=https://fedorahosted.org/releases/l/i/liberation-fonts/$SOURCE
     SOURCE_HASH=sha512:d7b801967dbbe643316241883b2f58e658f0ed55e3de6153f23c7110afb8f1f683602362c7e44a66e68c7fb5b4bdb600e4e0a6697bbaa5ec67f64891d1dcec87
 SOURCE_HINTS[0]="no-check-certificate"
SOURCE_DIRECTORY=$BUILD_DIRECTORY/$SPELL-$VERSION
      LICENSE[0]=OFL
        WEB_SITE=https://www.redhat.com/promo/fonts/
        KEYWORDS="fonts x11 libs"
            DOCS="COPYING License.txt"
           SHORT='Free Serif, Sans-Serif, and Mono font sets'
cat << EOF
On May 9, 2007, Red Hat announced the public release of these fonts under the
trademark LIBERATION at the Red Hat Summit. There are three sets: Sans (a
substitute for Arial, Albany, Helvetica, Nimbus Sans L, and Bitstream Vera
Sans), Serif (a substitute for Times New Roman, Thorndale, Nimbus Roman, and
Bitstream Vera Serif) and Mono (a substitute for Courier New, Cumberland,
Courier, Nimbus Mono L, and Bitstream Vera Sans Mono). The fonts are now
available for you to install.

Those running Red Hat® Enterprise Linux® and/or Fedora™ systems who want to
install the fonts in RPM format can get them from the links below. In the
future, they will be available through the Red Hat Network® service. We have
also provided the fonts in the popular True Type format.

You are free to use these fonts on any system you would like. You are free to
redistribute them under the GPL+exception license found in the download. Using
these fonts does not subject your documents to the GPL--it liberates them from
any proprietary claim. Once you have installed these fonts, we encourage you to
make them your default in Thunderbird, Firefox, and Open Office. Heck, for that
matter make them your default in Microsoft® Office®, in Microsoft Windows®, in
Apple OSX®... in anything you would like. In many applications you can set
Times New Roman, Arial, and Courier New to convert to these fonts.

This is just one way for Red Hat to say thank you to all our friends in the
open source community for all you have done to make us successful.
EOF
