           SPELL=vim-csapprox
         VERSION=4.0
     SOURCE_HASH=sha512:5ce5534af16c4abfe7fa2fac9ee904162eebd793120efb4e72dcaa2834209b64834b0013a7e929f0a56caf4d1b103fac116c3cf1f9e958afe9c7fcebf7c2ca87
          SOURCE=$SPELL-$VERSION.zip
SOURCE_DIRECTORY="$BUILD_DIRECTORY/$SPELL-$VERSION"
   SOURCE_URL[0]=http://www.vim.org/scripts/download_script.php?src_id=18594
        WEB_SITE=http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2390
      LICENSE[0]=BSD
         ENTERED=20140915
           SHORT="Make gvim-only colorschemes work transparently in terminal vim"
cat << EOF
It's hard to find colorschemes for terminal Vim.  Most colorschemes are written
to only support GVim, and don't work at all in terminal Vim.

This plugin makes GVim-only colorschemes Just Work in terminal Vim, as long as
the terminal supports 88 or 256 colors - and most do these days.  This usually
requires no user interaction (but see the help for what to do if things don't
Just Work).  After getting this plugin happily installed, any time you use
:colorscheme it will do its magic and make the colorscheme Just Work.

Whenever you change colorschemes using the :colorscheme command this script will
be executed.  It will take the colors that the scheme specified for use in the
GUI and use an approximation algorithm to try to gracefully degrade them to the
closest color available in your terminal.  If you are running in a GUI or if
your terminal doesn't support 88 or 256 colors, no changes are made.  Also, no
changes will be made if the colorscheme seems to have been high color already.

If for some reason this transparent method isn't suitable to you (for instance
if your environment can't be configured to meet the |csapprox-requirements|, or
you need to work in Vim 6), another option is also available: using the
|:CSApproxSnapshot| command to create a new GUI/88-/256-color terminal
colorscheme.  To use this command, a user would generally start GVim, choose a
colorscheme that sets up the desired colors, and then use |:CSApproxSnapshot| to
create a new colorscheme based on those colors that works in high color
terminals.  This method is more flexible than the transparent mode and works in
more places, but also requires more user intervention, and makes it harder to
deal with colorschemes being updated and such.
EOF
