           SPELL=twisted
         VERSION=8.1.0
     SOURCE_HASH=sha512:d8606c7aa0b5050d7fa184306241b01ca6b250511c93ebf8b9415c877a9b6bba11c7b36f72d91d1a2f7cad6612d2830b85c5af43306a57dabbd71ced5a279358
          SOURCE=Twisted-$VERSION.tar.bz2
SOURCE_DIRECTORY=$BUILD_DIRECTORY/Twisted-$VERSION
   SOURCE_URL[0]=http://tmrc.mit.edu/mirror/twisted/Twisted/${VERSION%.*}/$SOURCE
        WEB_SITE=http://twistedmatrix.com/
         ENTERED=20040222
      LICENSE[0]=MIT
           SHORT="Event-driven networking framework written in Python"
cat << EOF
-A Development Tool

Twisted is a framework, written in Python, for writing networked
applications. It includes implementations of a number of commonly used
network services such as a web server, an IRC chat server, a mail server,
a relational database interface and an object broker. Developers can
build applications using all of these services as well as custom services
that they write themselves. Twisted also includes a user authentication
system that controls access to services and provides services with user
context information to implement their own security models.

Twisted provides important features needed for networking programming,
both at the high and low levels:
 * Pluggable event loops allowing the developer to take advantage of
 platform-specific capabilities.
 * Abstractions of protocols and transports.
 * Through Twisted Spread, mechanisms for network encoding of data (in
 Python, Java, ELisp, and other languages), to a full-blown distributed
 object system.

-An Integrated Environment

Twisted is an integration point for network services that were previously
unable to interoperate. Services within a Twisted server can communicate
with each other and share information providing a very integrated
programming environment that can re-use large amounts of infrastructure
across multiple network mediums (such as chat, web, and mail).

As well as servers, Twisted supports several different kinds of clients
and GUIs. This means that the client can re-use large portions of the
server's code, improving test coverage and reliability while reducing
code size.

-An Application Suite

Twisted is a collection of servers and clients, which can be used either
by developers of new applications or directly. For example an easy to
run web server is available out of the box as an application for the
desktop user, but it is also a framework for developers to use.
EOF
